In the first century, when some in Macedonia heard that their fellow Christians in Jerusalem were in material need,
they literally begged the Apostle Paul for the privilege to help.
Today, we see a similar spirit of generosity among God's people.
Funds contributed by Cargation's worldwide are pooled to provide financial assistance.
For example, congregations around the world use video equipment at nearly every meeting.
But in some lands, challenges such as finances, infrastructure or security have prevented many from enjoying this form of teaching.
For that reason, the governing body recently approved allocating funds annually to assist congregations that are unable to afford necessary video equipment.
We live in a territory where there is so much poverty that it is difficult even for an entire congregation to gather the money needed to buy a video kit for the meetings.
It is not easy for the brothers in Malawi to get the videos.
Without a projector, brothers would use their phone or tablet to show the videos.
Some brothers would try to bring a TV to the Kingdom Hall. But even then, having electricity was a problem.
I remember that there was a circuit that wanted to buy video equipment so that the circuit over here would be able to show the videos from the organisation as he visited.
But the circuit only had six dollars.
When we visit a congregation, we notice that brothers haven't been watching the videos for more than five months.
That makes us feel bad because they have not benefited spiritually, like the other congregations.
And from their expressions, they really want to benefit from these teaching videos.
But there is nothing they can do.
Also, because of poverty, there is a lot of theft.
Sometimes a congregation had its little TV, but well, people would go to steal it and that creates more difficulty for the congregation.
War creates another challenge because at any moment, people have to move.
So, if you have a television, can you flee with it? It's truly very, very difficult.
All of this makes it really challenging for the brothers to have video equipment.
We have amazing growth in Angola.
We are forming about one circuit per month.
We are about 160,000 publishers and had almost 700,000 attending the memorial.
The needs of providing appropriate environments for teaching are obviously enormous.
RDC Africa and Global Purchasing started collaborating and researching what sort of projector option would work for the varied needs in Africa.
This research included getting feedback from several branches as to whether the options were easy to use, easy to maintain, and could withstand some of the harsh environments that we have on the continent.
What is really great about this kit is its size as well as its durability.
This kit is something that's easy to pack away and even be taken away from the kingdom hall and possibly stored at the house of a responsible brother.
As well, it's provided with two batteries, which is very useful in the majority of Africa where electricity is not always provided.
The use of video has become a regular feature of our spiritual programs.
These videos help us to see our grand instructor in ways that simply were not possible before.
Demonstrations, artwork, experiences, and reports are just some of the ways videos teach.
And for our deaf brothers and sisters, videos have become absolutely essential.
In some ways, the video system at the kingdom hall is their sound system.
With this in mind, the governing body would like everyone to benefit if possible from this new form of teaching.
In 2019 alone, over 2,000 kingdom halls in Angola, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Malawi, and Zambia will have received the needed equipment and the training on how to use it.
The training we've just received on how to use the video kit helps us to know how to make better use of it.
So that when the brothers come to meetings, they watch videos without difficulties.
We are very grateful to your brothers for supporting Jehovah's organization with your contributions.
And we are grateful to the faithful and discreet slave for making provisions for congregations to be taught as Jehovah wants.
In Congo, there was a tribal war north of Kinshasa.
They abandoned other things they had, but they chose to run away with their video kit.
It's small, it's practical, and it's well protected.
They traveled with it through water in Daghart, Kanoos.
The projector is very important for the deaf, because we hear and learn with our eyes.
And that is how we come to know Jehovah and draw close to him.
The need we have is to have effective equipment that can help the brothers to see the videos produced by the faithful and discreet slave to strengthen our faith.
What fine results this initiative has produced?
The generous spirit of God's people is being blessed by Jehovah and makes it possible for all of our brothers and sisters to enjoy the same spiritual food worldwide.